Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, after we did the last video, most people don't stay for the whole thing.
I talked about the volcanoes and the Lord told me, "Watch the ring of fire.
Watch these things.
There's going to be a mile-wide volcano about to erupt.
" Was that the one in Italy?
I don't think so.
This is just what the Lord told me we're going to start to see.
He said multiple volcanoes.
He said, "Watch Alaska.
Watch Canada.
Watch Japan.
Watch Italy.
Watch the oceans.
" He said, "You're going to start to see the fish come up.
" He said, "Fish you've never seen before.
" He warned us about all these things, folks.
He said, "There's great pressure on the Earth's crust.
And in this, we're going to see things we never thought we would ever see.
" I saw ash all over the United States, Mount Fuji of America.
I saw major shaking about to take place.
So, Mount Fuji is the mountain that the Lord showed me that would go off soon.
I don't know when, but I saw the whole top of all the snow cap completely gone.
It was leveled out.
It's a major eruption when this takes place.
And I know the Lord showed me Yellowstone National Park, Yosemite National Park, that there will be a day that there'll be a major eruption go off in the Yosemite National Park.
Now, when, I don't know, folks, but I know in this time and, like I said, I told you, am I looking over in the tribulation?
I don't know.
All I know is that I see in part, hear in part, and I know that the Lord's speaking to me.
I know that he's speaking to me to warn you about great shakings in the earth, to warn you about these things.
So, we saw the one volcano go off.
There's more.
The Lord told me there's more, Brandon.
This is just the beginning.
There's more.
You'll wake up one day.
In a 24-hour period, everything's going to change.
Everything's going to change.
And I know I've seen major, major eruptions coming.
Major.
So then Black Wall Street, all the things the Lord showed me about the race riots and all that, the Lord told me, he said, "I'm bringing justice.
I'm bringing justice for all.
The wrongs will be made right and financial restitution is coming with interest.
Watch what I'm about to do.
" And I was like, "Lord, we need a sign.
You give me these big words.
Lord, show me a sign for some of this stuff.
" After I get done, I pray by myself and say, "Lord, you said we need fruit when I'm saying this stuff.
" 24 hours later, the Tulsa mayor comes on and says, "We have a package for $105 million for housing and all these other things.
" That's not with interest.
That's just for it, folks.
This is just the beginning.
The Lord's showing you first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
Now, some people say, "Well, Brandon, they were working that over a year ago.
" It's the timing.
Do you understand?
I don't know how long they've been working on this package.
It's prophetic because of the timing.
Right after we prayed for it as a family—all 70,000 people prayed, interceded for this, and travailed.
And God's showing already first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
I know this is just the beginning of what the Lord spoke to us about.
Has the full manifestation of that happened yet?
No.
But it's setting the ball in motion.
It's like a snowball.
It starts out small and then it rolls into a major thing when it gets all the way down, like in those cartoons.
Do you know what I'm talking about, folks?
It starts out a little snowball and then it goes and it's a boulder.
It's a huge, big thing.
That's what it is in prayer.
We get the momentum of this and we start praying into it and we see what the Lord is doing, and the angelic hosts are helping us.
That's what prayer does.
It changes things.
And I believe what the Lord told me because I said, "Lord, what is this all about?
" He said, "It's bringing unity in my body.
There's so much racial segregation still in churches where you see the black church, you see the white church.
" He said, "Brandon, for what's about to happen in the last days, there will be no racial boundaries.
There's no boundaries in race.
There will be no walls in race.
There's not going to be any walls in denomination where you say, 'Well, I'm Catholic, I'm Presbyterian, I'm charismatic, I'm Baptist, I'm Methodist.
We don't associate with you.
' No.
It's like there's racial prejudices and there's religious prejudice.
I'm telling you all, for what's about to happen, the Holy Ghost and fire is going to move on all flesh.
And it's not going to matter your skin, your race, your color, whatever your denomination, who you are, folks—rich, poor, whatever.
God is going to show up on us all if you just believe.
It's time to believe God for bigger.
And it's time to get all our petty differences aside and say, 'Jesus, have your way in these last days.
' And that's what he's looking for: people that are just sold out.
And it won't matter what you look like.
He's just looking for who is willing to say, 'Yes, Lord, send me.
Lord, here am I.
' It doesn't matter who you are.
He's just looking for somebody who wants to help, who will say, 'Yes.
' And that's what he's after right now.
And I'm telling you, I believe this is just the beginning as we pray as a family and we step aside from our petty differences, all this stuff.
Yes, there's hurts.
Yes, but God is a healer of all things.
And he wants to heal the land.
He wants to mend the hearts for the revival.
It's time, folks.
Do you see Jesus is coming?
I don't know, is it just me?
I know my family, we all believe he's coming.
But do you see it?
It's like we've never seen it before.
Knowledge is increasing, just like the Lord said it would.
AI, all the stuff, crypto, all digital platforms, all the things, beast systems—all this stuff's being talked about.
Even the world's starting to talk about it.
And I go, 'Yep, my king is coming.
My king is coming.
' And he is coming back for a bride that's without spot or wrinkle.
He is coming back for a bride that's sold out, that has their lamps full of oil.
I refuse to be one that, when I stand before him, he says, 'Depart from me.
I never knew you, Brandon.
I never knew you.
' But I want him to say, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest.
I have a place for you.
' Because of what the Lord showed me in 2023 when I told you, I asked the Lord—do you remember what I told you all?
Some of you are new here.
I said to the Lord, 'Is this a nuclear weapon?
' because it went up like a mushroom cloud.
And the Lord said to me, 'No, this is not a nuclear weapon that they're about to use.
' Because I thought it was because of the way it looked.
It looked like a mushroom cloud.
But the Lord showed me—remember what I told you?
—it's not a nuclear blast.
'Brandon, this is a weapon that they have never used before.
No man has ever seen this.
' He said, 'If they use a nuclear weapon, you cannot inhabit the land because of radiation and fallout.
And they want to take the land.
So, what they will use is a weapon you've never seen before that is just as powerful as a nuclear weapon.
' If you use those kind of weapons right now, the breeze and the wind carries it and poisons them because of the jet streams.
So they're even tactical.
The Lord said this will carry into jet streams and poison them, and they know this.
But a new kind of weapon—remember what I tell you?
—a new kind of weapon that will look like a nuclear weapon will be used soon.
And I even told you I saw it by Warsaw, Poland.
I saw it there, and it was a 50-mile radius.
It was a massive blast, but it was so hot it melted the people, but it did not hurt the cars or the buildings.
How?
I have no idea.
Now, so many people tell me, 'Brandon, this is the kind of weapon you're seeing.
' I don't know.
We've never seen it used before.
It's something we don't know as the public eye.
We've never seen it before.
So, how would we know if that's what it is?
I don't know, folks.
It's some kind of technology.
So then I saw a major draft.
Then I saw a major war escalation.
Can we pray about it?
And this is what I want to tell you.
Remember what I told you in my last prayer video.
The Lord said a lot of this stuff will not be prayed away.
You will not stop this through prayer.
For this is a great shaking to awaken, for my Son's return is imminent.
And you say, 'What did you see about Taiwan?
' Now, a lot of people are not going to like to hear this, but I'll tell you, China invades Taiwan.
I saw a red dome over Taiwan that looked like some kind of membrane that was like a half of a sphere.
But I saw China invade Taiwan, and they went straight in, and there was not much of a fight.
They went immediately, and they attacked the leadership, the head military, all that.
And it was a quick work.
It was a quick work from what I saw.
Now, could it turn into an all-out war and there's a big battle?
I did not see that.
I saw they went in, they took over the main cabinet and the prime minister, and they took them all out like that.
Boom.
And they came in, and they brought in their people, and it was occupied by China.
It was that fast.
Would the Taiwanese people resist it and fight it?
In the vision of what I saw, they knew they were outnumbered, and there was no way to win.
Why?
I paused.
In the vision, the United States was occupied with a gray substance on the land.
What was gray upon the land?
I said, from all the way from the New Orleans area all the way up to Canada, there was gray from there east, with some kind of gray substance all over the land.
And they attacked when that gray substance was on the land, and I never told anybody that.
So, it was something new that I didn't know what to do with.
Instead of just speaking it out last time, I prayed over it, I got quiet, and I just skipped over it.
But I'll tell you, I'm open, and I'll tell you what I saw.
And from there, China attacked whenever there was gray upon the land.
It was some kind of thick substance.
Whether it was nuclear fallout—which I don't believe it was—or something like ash, I don't know.
I still can't figure it out.
So, I was still praying over it.
But let's see what happens in the days ahead.
I pray this does not happen.
But I saw revival taking off in South Korea and Japan.
And I saw a major revival coming to the Asian people, and revival in Asia spread.
I'll start with this.
I saw one of those Jewish things where they have a wedding, and it was carved out of olive wood because I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'This is out of olive wood.
' And it was all beautifully designed with flowers and beautiful hand-carvings.
It looked like somebody had really taken time to carve this olive wood by hand.
And it had a wood floor on it, and it had four posts.
It's called a chuppah or a huppah.
So, in this chuppah or huppah thing, I saw an all-consuming fire.
And I'm looking at it, and I'm thinking, 'What in the world?
' And it was the Lord Jesus.
He was the bridegroom waiting on the bride.
He's already there.
And I could see a fire that was suspended in the air waiting on the church at this wedding, at this Jewish huppah thing.
And I could see the carvings and all this.
And I saw the Father, and this time, all the light in the heavens—I could see this fiery light.
Every single time, it looks like a ball because He is sitting.
This time, He was standing.
I could see His legs in this vision, the outline of Him all the way up, but it was a consuming light, a light that would burn your eyes to look at.
But it was being shielded in the vision so that I could see the outline of Him.
And He said, 'I'm coming.
' Do you remember when I told everybody that He was standing at the door?
Jesus was standing at the door, looking to the Father, looking for instructions on when to come back for His church.
The Father was in a standing position now.
And He said, 'What's about to happen to the earth is the greatest shaking to awaken the world has ever known.
' I saw earthquakes, and I heard Him say, 'They're getting ready to come in hot, Brandon.
You're not going to pray away what's coming to this earth now.
You're not going to pray away these things.
For this is happening to bring in the harvest, for He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
' And I saw earthquakes in diverse places.
I saw massive earthquakes.
I saw earthquakes that were making the earth distort—not like when you see buildings shake, I'm talking about shaking the foundation of the earth.
I saw major volcanoes, massive volcanoes.
I saw mile-wide volcanoes.
I don't even know if there is a mile-wide volcano, Diana, but I saw it like when you see a graph go a mile, and you see it like dot-dot-dot from the circumference of the volcano.
It was like that, huge, a major one that she said is underneath the ocean.
So, I saw fire coming up out of this massive volcano that looked like the whole thing.
I'm talking a mile-wide volcano—this is a lot of lava—and it was coming up out of this volcano.
Then I saw Japan, and I saw that mountain that has the goji berries.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to the goji berries.
' I saw Mount Fuji in Japan go off.
I'm not talking about a little bit of an eruption; I'm talking like blowing the whole top of it off.
There was an explosion in Mount Fuji.
I'm talking about a major volcanic eruption that goes off at Mount Fuji.
I don't know when.
I don't know if this is the Tribulation or if this is about—I don't know.
All I know.
And then I saw again a major tsunami wave hitting Seattle.
I saw another one.
And this time, looking at it, I was looking from the land of Seattle by the Space Needle, looking out, and I saw a wall of water coming inland.
Now, you say, 'Why?
I live there.
' I'm not trying to freak you out.
When I heard all this, the Lord—I'm talking about the Father—said in a loud voice, 'Do not fear.
' And it thundered across the spirit realm when I heard this last night.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'For what you are about to see coming upon the earth, many people's hearts will fail them for fear.
' He said, 'You will have to stay vertical in the days ahead.
' And I saw Brush Arbor Churches again, major revivals coming throughout the whole world, a major harvest of souls.
And He said, 'Brandon, a lot of people are coming.
What are they going to get when they get there?
What are they going to experience in your churches when they get there?
Are they going to get some religious sermon or are they going to get the Holy Ghost and fire?
' He said, 'I saw the barn again full of harvesting equipment.
' And He said, 'I provided you this harvesting equipment, the glory of My presence, the glory of the Lord for this major harvest that's about to take place.
' And He said, 'Use it.
' Like, 'Use this harvest equipment.
Bring in these harvests, and I'm coming to get you.
I saw Jesus, I'll tell you, He was waiting.
He said, "I'm watching and I'm waiting.
What will you do with this window?
I'm watching and waiting.
He's waiting to come back.
I saw Jesus on this altar, this wedding thing, chuppah.
I mean, I'm just excited about it.
He was waiting there for us to come.
The bride's coming.
You know, the groom always shows up before the bride comes down the aisle.
Isn't that cool?
It was so beautiful, Diana.
I go, 'Oh my goodness, Jesus is coming.
' Wow.
Jesus is coming.
Well, thank you, Siri.
Amazing, folks.
And I saw a great shaking, but I saw a great awakening.
And then I saw $100 bills falling off trees.
And he said that, remember I told you, five shakings, five major shakings: politics, the earth, the heavens.
And I saw asteroids.
I saw comets in the sky.
I saw fearful things in the sky that will freak people out.
I saw darkness in the middle of the day and light in the middle of the day.
No, I don't understand that.
Wow.
I'm talking dark as night skies in the middle of the day.
Light one moment, dark one moment, folks.
I don't know what I saw.
I don't know how this happens, but it was light one moment and dark one moment.
And the only way I can see that happening is an eclipse.
But I don't see how, I don't know, because I could see half the sky was light and half the sky was dark.
Now, I don't know about you, but that flipped me out even as a believer.
I'd be like, 'What is going on?
' You know, but I saw some things tonight and I'm trying to figure out what it means.
I'm not a scientist.
I'm just an old country kid.
I just go, 'This is what I saw.
' And I call it how I see it.
Folks, I saw things that would freak people out because of the...
I saw the gardens again.
I saw shaking of the economy.
I saw shaking of politics.
I saw shaking of war.
I saw shaking of all fronts, a major shifting.
But it wasn't about just America.
I saw a major...
Oh, I saw volcanoes.
But then I saw ash, some kind of gray substance from Louisiana all the way up to Canada, and ash all on the east.
Some kind of gray substance on the land.
And I don't know what that was, but it looked like a thick, jelly-looking gray soot is the only way I can describe it.
Don't know why I saw that, but I saw it on the east and I saw a revival coming, and I saw Texas, I saw Oklahoma, and I saw the brush arbor churches.
I saw the glorious...
'The harvest has just begun' outpouring, and the Lord said this: He said, 'These will be days of fun and the fun has just begun.
Are you ready for the fun?
' He kept saying it.
'Are you ready for the fun?
The harvest has just begun there.
I am the Lord of the harvest.
' He kept saying, 'I am bringing in my last...
This is the last call.
I'm giving you a window.
' And then he kept saying it.
He goes, he said, 'Because the prayers of the saints in October,' he brought it up again.
He said, 'Because the prayers of my people in October, I'm giving you this window for my beloved.
There are very hard days for some.
Don't...
' He said, 'Don't squander it.
Don't waste this window.
' Didn't he?
Yeah.
I'm trying to remember everything he said.
I didn't take notes.
I have to look.
I always go back to my videos and watch it.
'You're nailing it.
You're nailing it.
That's exactly what he said.
' He said, 'Don't squander this window.
Don't waste the opportunity of this window.
' He said, 'This is the final, the finale.
This is the finale.
This is the grand finale, Brandon.
' That's what he said.
'This is the grand finale.
Hallelujah.
' It's exciting.
My goodness.
He said, 'This is the grand finale.
' And he kept saying, 'This is the grand finale.
You're not going to pray this away.
This shaking is coming on purpose to shake everybody to wake them up.
Just be ready to receive the people that are coming.
They're going to be searching and wanting more like they're freaking out: 'I got to have Jesus.
'' So, that's basically the CliffsNotes.
I just thought it was awesome and I just wanted to share it again.
I saw the harvesting equipment.
I saw the glory.
I saw...
not the Father sitting in a down position like you see a bowl.
He was long in the fire.
What I saw was his outline.
Wow.
Glory to God.
And Jesus was standing in that chuppah.
That thing, not chuppah, whatever that is.
Glory to God.
So hopefully, that I was excited about prayer today gets you excited about prayer today.
It got me excited about prayer.
I was like, 'Man, Lord, you're coming.
The powers of heaven will be shaken.
You're going to see fearful sights and all these things.
' But folks, look up, for your redemption draws nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And whoo, what a day of rejoicing that will be!
Are you excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Does this not get you?
I just go when I start seeing things like this.
I saw to pray over the election for South Korea.
I mean, we prayed over a lot of stuff.
I was praying over Hawaii, and I saw volcanoes going off in Hawaii.
Yeah.
Major volcano going off in Hawaii, major, like a big one.
Pay attention to Italy, like volcanoes going off everywhere.
And he kept talking about the ring of fire.
Pay attention to the ring of fire.
Pay attention to Italy.
He said, 'Oh yeah.
There'll be major earthquakes, major earthquakes in Italy, major volcanoes.
Things going to be shaking, things that you've never seen before, wars and rumors of wars, folks.
' Woo!
We're right there.
Obviously, I don't know, you know, when you say, 'Well, what about the energy and all the things you see, folks?
' I'm just telling you what I see now.
All I know is I pray into these things.
This is what he shows me and about new energies.
He shows me the things, but then he says he's coming.
So, you say, 'Well, how does that happen?
Am I looking over into the thousand years?
' Folks, none of you know what that thousand years is going to be like.
There's no description of it in there.
He said the lion and the lamb will lay together, but do we lose technology?
Do we go back into the stone age?
I don't believe that.
What is he showing me?
Is he showing me into the thousand years?
I don't know.
Well, that gets me excited.
What is it that he has for us?
New, clean energy?
I don't know.
Do we still have cars?
I mean, I don't know.
All I know is that I'm going to have a glorified body and that's going to be for us.
That's his bride, his church.
And our heaven's not our home anymore.
He's making a new heaven and a new earth.
There's going to be all kinds of new stuff going on.
Yeah.
We can translate.
I don't know.
All I know is that Jesus Christ is coming.
That's all I care about.
Whether that's five years, two months, or whatever.
When you're looking over in the spirit, right, like that, it felt like it was imminent.
Seriously, it felt like the major shakings and all this stuff could be tomorrow.
I'm looking for a major earthquake tomorrow.
I'm like, where's the volcano going off?
I'm looking for the volcano to go off tomorrow.
Seriously, like that's how it seemed when it's right there.
It's like, 'Oh my goodness, this is happening right now.
' So, I don't know.
I'm excited.
I hope you're excited.